Rotation manager general docs (#2170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/rotation-policies.mdx

roles. The rotation manager uses the policy instructions to manage retry
and failure logic when automatically rotating credentials for the associated role.

<Note>

Vault marks a rotation entry as orphaned when it exceeds the
maximum retry limits defined in a rotation policy. Orphaning halts automated
rotation attempts, and requires manual intervention to resolve the error. Consider
your maximum retry limits carefully when you define your rotation policy.

</Note>

See the [rotation manager documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)

> for an overview of the more automated rotation manager system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [automated rotation documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)
for an overview of Vault's rotation system.
```
